to bedtime yay her party all it is like
a slumber party Oh guys aren't bevakasha
hon on her birthday bought me present
she bought me a bag of stuff it's all
really excited so giving that's why
she's giving she bought me this kabuki
body brush from ELF I'm sick so don't
mind that volchek I'm sniffles you gave
it to me thought you were a doer look at
its huge hunk got all the stealth its
stealth the other stuff from ELF on sale
shit alright else from out from a bad
day it's really begging it's super soft
and it looks like a skunk but doesn't
smell like well this is gonna be a limb
stupid video it'll be a fun videos okay
here you help me with this because she
picked all the stuff hey what about how
are you doing the golden bronzer from
ELF your whole Italy there we go like
this but I like seeing myself ready haha
who do the hallway so it doesn't reflect
this is the golden bronzer it looks
really pretty and it says elf wow I
think I look alike no that one's way
Pinker yeah I guess a warm on my finger
and whatever you like the golden one
better I like I've only tried the golden
I'm the golden girl that's why shouldn't
the golden bucks is amazed you said okay
we yellow here's the two different ones
this is the warmer and the Cystic golden
by the ways I'm shaking it I need to try
all this stuff I literally just got this
ten minutes ago she gave a world like a
sack full of presents like she's Santa
ho ho I trusted oh this is really true
oh that's really pretty it's like Barbie
pink got me a Barbie blush it's really
pretty it looks like oh it's like so
bright that I can't even see there it
looks like that there it's like it looks
like highlighter pink it's so so pretty
little mirrors in all the casings which
is
me 137 oh okay it looks like a Barbie
pink color which is awesome because you
look like licking no animal testing Oh
elf stands for eyes lips face yeah
Todd's face does she read this text
message man that was disappointing I was
hoping for a really naughty face this
blush is yeah can you see it there's
like silver flecks in it it's more like
a purpley pink it's really pretty this
is a high definition powder and this is
a sunscreen I've tried a sunscreen it's
kind of it's just true they're both
translucent powders and a sunscreen
Sanskrit is super check yourself it's
SPF 45 mommy frou-frou and then high
definition is just basically kind of
minimize pores and make your face really
mad I'm really excited about these these
were like bitch looks like sweet good
idea wait so let's hope they're what am
I definition powder do it it's supposed
to make your face not shiny and like
make a look perfect okay put someone now
try it I know sniffles sniffles and
Santa over here you're putting a lot but
we'll see you really how about it maybe
not it is mattifying your face it works
it's Melanie like translucent here's the
color she got me it supposed to be
translucent ersan color audience okay
she's gonna keep loading now this one I
do want to go to a makeup store I leave
with like eight blushes offense and I
loading a cloud is it showing up like
Cara done can you know it's that obvious
later but yeah it's tough like and it
looks more powdery um I think I like HD
thing better I think I did too oh and
this is my favorite brush she got me
more precious I have two of these at
home cuz it's frickin awesome it's
really soft it's the powder brush is
this probably the only prize this is all
a brush that I like from up no compared
to the other face brushes I like it too
hey I'm slouchy because the bed is just
thinking us down but it's so comfy it's
really soft
News word bad talking about makeup like
12 year olds not smudge proof oh it's
water-resistant so that's good yeah it's
like it's kind of like black track from
a mac or Smashbox gel eyeliner which is
what I have on right now really i mean
like any man I really like it's on my
waterline it won't move mmm and I'm not
a big fan Smashbox oh I like Smashbox
eyeliner I don't like Smashbox period
wait what wait why is it coffee like
brown yeah well there you go you got you
browse web I'm got me brown cream
eyeliner that is weird it looks like
it'll be pretty the only a trip well
you're like right this is blush is this
like a shimmer I don't know I didn't try
yet I have one table like a highlighter
ish color what's got like flex and stuff
it's kind of like albatross from NARS
the bright even though the pigmentation
everything's good it's not a laugh it
doesn't I feel like it fades really easy
you need to reapply it over and over
again kind of thing the elf makeup
overall because Nora's makeup it's a the
qualities a little butter to wit the
point where l ville de my face makeup
right now stars and it stays on
literally all day yeah I've NARS on to
you met mattify your face and then I'm
exactly looks like I met so for right
now I'm sorry probably she got me a mini
eyelash curler it's like half the size
of a regular eyelash curler see I've
been trying to figure out how you use it
but suck in try on here I'm gonna try
right now good here's what it looks like
I haven't opened it or use my eyelashes
all crazy the little guy look how cute
it is like a baby yeah this is on a
curled see a difference I can see it
ever yeah it's a lot different you're
gonna put my fans it's all right that's
it for our baby without baby Hawks it
was kind of a lot of stuff we did it
really fast don't room that's it for all
San Jose country 20 minutes july oh
shoot thank you guys for watching hey I
love hot and thanks for hanging out in
bed with us so I love you guys hey have
a great day
really like we're trying to make some
like 30 video